✨ update management doc (#150)
tc39/how-we-work: management.md

- Hosts: TC39 meetings are often hosted at member organization offices, but there is no restriction for this. The chair group finds meeting hosts by asking around in committee for who wants to host a meeting, within date and location requirements.

##### How to help

The chair group would like help in all aspects of meeting planning. Contact the [chair group](#chair-group) if you're interested in getting involved.

See also: [How to Host an In-Person TC39 Meeting](./host.md)

#### Coordinating with Ecma

- Preparing the chairs' report to Ecma
- Representing the committee at GA and ExeCom meetings
- Nominating TC39 members for [Ecma Awards](https://ecma-international.org/ecma-fellow-awards-and-ecma-recognition-awards)

##### How to help

Contact the [chair group](#chair-group) to suggest nominees for Ecma Awards.

#### Coordinating with other standards bodies, consortiums and community advocacy

Liaise with other bodies including but not limited to:

- Ecma
  - TC53
  - TC54
- IEEE
- IETF
- ISO
- Linux Foundation
  - OpenJS Foundation
  - OpenSSF

> - W3C

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unicode Consortium
- W3C
```

Author: yes! thank you

- Maintaining committee decorum, including starting meetings on time and adhering to timeboxes
- Calling for consensus and noting dissent
- Supervising [note-taking](./how-to-take-notes.md), topic conclusions, and summaries

##### Facilitators

The chair group is joined by facilitators, elected yearly, who help run the meetings as necessary. Facilitators: Justin Ridgewell ([@jridgewell](https://github.com/jridgewell)), Yulia Startsev ([@codehag](https://github.com/codehag)), Brian Terlson ([@bterlson](https://github.com/bterlson))

##### How to help

- Make your agenda modifications, including slide links, schedule constraints, and priority ordering, ahead of agenda deadline of the TC39 meeting.
- When contributing to committee discussion, use the TCQ queue tool to get in line to speak. Interruptions should be limited strictly to points of order.
- Help with [note-taking](./how-to-take-notes.md)
- Help develop communication tools like [TCQ](https://github.com/bterlson/tcq) -- get in contact with [Brian Terlson](https://github.com/bterlson) for next steps
- If you want to get involved in meeting organization further, contact a member of the chair group.

> #### Organizing in-person meeting locations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Organizing hybrid meeting locations
```

Every year, the chair group organizes meeting locations for the following year. Meetings are organized within the following guidelines:

- Dates: Meetings are generally held Tuesday-Thursday of the last week of odd-numbered months. On top of that formula, adjustments can be made to avoid holidays and conflicting events which are important to delegates, and to accommodate the requirements of meeting hosts. It is best to publish the meeting dates internally to committee members as soon as possible, to allow delegates to plan around the dates.
- Locations: TC39 traditionally holds some meetings each year in North America, Europe, and Asia. Meeting location preferences of delegates are reassessed each year to take into account changes in committee composition.
- Hosts: TC39 meetings are often hosted at member organization offices, but there is no restriction for this. The chair group finds meeting hosts by asking around in committee for who wants to host a meeting, within date and location requirements.

##### How to help

The chair group would like help in all aspects of meeting planning. Contact the [chair group](#chair-group) if you're interested in getting involved.

> See also: [How to Host an In-Person TC39 Meeting](./host.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See also: [How to Host a Hybrid TC39 Meeting](./host.md)
```
